Track10
1
Narrator: What do the students need to bring tomorrow?
Teacher: Just before you leave. Listen carefully, everybody.
Don't forget we're meeting outside the train
station for the cycling trip. Lunch will be provided
so you don't have to bring any food but don't
forget a water bottle. It may be hot. Please don't
bring anything valuable. As there really won't be
anything to buy on the way, you definitely won't
need any extra money.
2
Narrator: What time does the girl's school start?
Teacher: Hannah Brown, it's ten past nine. You're late
again. What happened this time?
Hannah: I'm really sorry, Miss Fulham. I left my homework
at home so I went back for it. Then I missed the
bus and the next one was at half past eight. There
was a terrible traffic jam so I got off the bus and
ran the rest of the way.
Teacher: Yes, but you know that you should be here by ten
to nine. Make sure it doesn't happen again.
3
Narrator: Where does the boy live?
Jack:
Hi, it's Jack here. Do you still fancy going to the
swimming pool later? George lives near the pool,
so he might want to come too. Shall we meet
outside the cinema? You know, on the road where
I used to live. And if you like, we can get a take-
away afterwards. They've opened a great pizza
place next door to my house. Let me know what
you think. Bye!
Narrator: Where did the boy find his football boots?
John: Have you seen my football boots, anywhere? I
brought them home from training yesterday. They
were wet, so I left them in the kitchen to dry anc
now I can't find them.
Katie: Dad was tidying up this morning. Have you looked
in the cupboard in the hall?
John: Yes, but they weren't there. Wait a minute, What's
in that bag over there? Oh here they are!
Narrator: What did the girl eat before she came home?
Dad: Hi, Julia. How was your day? I'm just having a
sandwich. Would you like one?
Julia: No thanks, Dad. My friends in Year 10 were selling
cakes after school so I had one of those. It was
really good.
Dad: I guess they're still collecting money for their trip.
Julia: Yes, they are.
Dad: Anyway, we're having my home-made burgers
tonight. They should be ready by about seven.
Narrator: What are the two friends going to buy Paul for his
birthday?
Boy: It's Paul's birthday next weekend. We should get
him something. We got him a book about his
favourite band last year.
Girl:
Oh yeah, that's right, but his sister had bought
him the same one so he took it back to the shop
He got a book about surfing instead, didn't he?
Boy: Yes, that's right. I know! My brother's reading a
new spy thriller. It's set in Italy and he says it's
really exciting. Let's get him that.
Girl:
OK.
Narrator: What is the weather forecast for tomorrow?
Joe: Best of luck with the tennis competition, Vicki! It's
tomorrow, isn't it?
Vicki: Thanks, Joe! They might have to cancel it. It hasn't
stopped raining all day today and we're playing
outdoors
Joe: Have you looked it up on the internet? It says on
this page that it's going to be cloudy but dry. It
won't be sunny though.
Vicki: That's Ok-I don't like playing when it's hot but I'll
take my sun cream just in case.