 Track 13

 Narrator: You will hear a radio interview about a young

 photographer called Ryan Parrilla. For each question, choose the correct answer.

 Presenter: Today I'm talking to journalist Amy Ortega

 about the teenage photographer Ryan Parrilla, who turned his hobby into a successful career.

 Why, Amy, did Ryan post his early pictures on

 Instagram?

 He knew other photographers usually try to have

 Amy:

 theirs published in magazines, but he hoped that with Instagram he could receive comments from across the world, getting to know people online and perhaps also in real life by travelling overseas. The result is, he has become well- known internationally, attracting the attention of companies such as Nike, who have since given him work. Ryan has around 100,000 people following him on Instagram, with thousands of likes and comments for every photo.

 Presenter: What does he most like to photograph?

 He recently took an amazing photo of birds

 Amy:

 following a ferry he was on while in Mexico, but

 Ryan grew up in New York and what he really loves is getting pictures of his city, its sights and those who live there. He considers photography an art form because it lets him catch life and ordinary people through his own eyes.

 Presenter: Which does he feel are his best photos?

 Amy: He's taken great photos from the roof of his

 54-storey Manhattan building, just as the city's waking up. But the ones he's most proud of are those he hadn't intended to take until he suddenly saw something surprising, like a skateboarder flying through the air, and he knew it was the right moment for a picture

 Presenter: What kind of camera did he begin with?

 Amy:

 He's been taking photos since he was nine, and nowadays he chooses from the latest models but most of his early photos were taken with the camera on his sister's phone. Before that, though,
 he began with an old one belonging to his dad which he'd found lying around in the house, By the age of twelve, photography was changing his llfe.

 Presenter: What happened when he was twelve?

 Amy: He started taking photos around New York, At

 home, his dad noticed Ryan seemed to be on his computer and he thought Ryan was playing video games, but actually he was busy teaching himself about photography and looking up information about it.

 Presenter: What advice does Ryan have for other young

 photographers?

 He warns against choosing a particular type of

 Amy:

 photography just because it's cool and instead advises them to do whatever brings them

 pleasure. He also believes that thinking you can't achieve what you want while you're young is a mistake. And Ryan's amazing career shows just how true that is.
