 Track 29
1
 Narrator:
 What would the girl like to try on?
 Jane:
 Excuse me. Could I try on one of the
 jumpers in the window please?
 Shop assistant: Sure. Do you mean one of the striped ones?
 They'd look good on you.
 Jane:
 I was actually thinking of a plain one. Have
 you got it in a small?
 Shop assistant: I think so. I'll check. Did you want it with a
 V-neck?
 Jane:
 I'd rather have a round one.
 Shop assistant: OK. I'll just get it for you to try on.
2
 Narrator: Where has the boy left his keys?
 Matt: Mum, I think I've lost my keys, have you seen
 them? I thought I put them in my jeans'pocket but
 they're not there now.
 Mom: Not again! You were wearing your coat just now.
Have you checked all the pockets? You usually
leave your keys there.
Matt: I've looked in all the pockets. Was I carrying my
backpack when I came in?
Mum: I think so. I bet they're in there.
Matt: You're right again. Mum!
3
Narrator: What did Karen buy last weekend?
Boy : Did you have a good weekend , Karen ?
Karen: Yes, I did thanks. On Saturday I went to the new
shopping centre with my mum. She wanted to get
a dress for the summer.
Boy: Did she buy one?
Karen: They were all the wrong size. Then she tried on
loads of tops.
Boy: What about the red one you're wearing? Is it new?
Karen: Yes, isn't it lovely! She didn't like the colour sol
got it instead.
Boy : So , she didn't buy anything but you did !
Karen: That's right! It'll go with that skirt I got for my
birthday.
4
Narrator: Which one is Sarah's cousin?
Boy: Did you manage to get your cousin something for
her birthday?
Sarah : Don't ask ! We got her some earrings in the end but
then we found out that she never wears jewelry.
Boy: Oh no! I thought that girl over there with long hair
and huge earrings was your cousin.
Sarah: That's my sister but they look alike, don't they?
They even used to have the same length hair.
Boy : Has your cousin had it cut ?
Sarah: Yeah but she says she's going to grow it long again.
5
Narrator: Where did Dave get his trainers?
Girl: Nice trainers, Dave! Have you just been to the new
sports shop?
Dave: Yeah! It's a great store with some amazing
bargains, I bought some trainers there last week
but they weren't the right size so I had to take
them back. Then, one of my friends suggested
looking in the market, so I did and found these
They fit perfectly.
Girl: My mum keeps telling me to look on the web. She
buys everything there
Dave: She's right! You know the boots I wore to the
party. I got them online.
Girl : They're really cool ! Were they expensive ?
6
Narrator: What's the latest time visitors can buy a ticket
today?
Man: You have reached Lansdown Art Museum
We're sorry that there's no one to take your call
right now. If you are interested in seeing the
Photographer of the Year exhibition, the ticket
office is open from nine am to half past five. You
need to leave the museum at quarter to seven but
ememberthat last admission to the gallery is at quarter to six.
Thank you for calling.

7
Narrator: What sorts of TV programmes does the girl like
watching?
Connor: You look tired. Did you go to bed late last night
after the football?
Laura:
I think my brother was watching the match in
his bedroom. I don't even care who won it, to be
honest! I watched this comedy instead about two
men who get lost in a department store.
Connor: I saw that! I haven't laughed so much for ages.
Wasn't the ending good?
Laura: Well I'd kind of lost interest by then. I'd much
rather watch a wildlife documentary.
Connor: Oh? I didn't think you liked those sorts of
programmes.