Track32
Narrator: You will hear an interview with a girl called
Olivia talking about her experience of travelling
through a snow storm with her parents. For
each question, choose the correct answer.
Interviewer: Today I'm talking to Olivia Richardson, who
was in central ltaly when over two metres of
snow fell in 24 hours. Where exactly were you,
Olivia, when that happened?
Olivia:
Near Capracotta, in the mountains. There'd
already been some light snow and we stopped
for a quick meal before carrying on to a
crossroads, but there we took a wrong turning
and got completely lost. Then, while we were
trying to decide how to get back to the main
road,some really heavy snow started coming
down.
Interviewer: Was that frightening?
Olivia:
A first, I was quite certain it wouldn't last long.
It was March in Italy so I wasn't worried. Of
course, it was rather annoying we'd gone the
wrong way, but I couldn't blame Mum and Dad
because it'd been my idea. And we were still
moving,but not very fast.
Interviewer: When did you have to stop?
Olivia: Well, it was getting quite difficult to see and
we nearly crashed into a parked car. There was
more and more snow on the road, so when we
tried to go up a steep hill the wheels started
going round really fast but it was so deep, the
car just wouldn't move forwards. It looked
as if we'd be stuck there, but we didn't have
much petrol left so we switched off the engine.
Dad tried to phone for help but couldn't get
through.
Interviewer: How did you stay warm? With the car heater?
Olivia:
That meant having the engine on so we only
used it a bit. Instead we got all our jumpers,
trousers and socks from our suitcases and wore
them all night. We were still frozen, though,
and wished we had some coffee or tea with us.
Interviewer: So you spent the whole night inside the car?
Olivia:
Yes. My mum had managed to contact the
emergency services. They knew our location
from our phone signal and they advised us to
'stay in our vehicle until help could be sent the
next day'. That's what we did, but by then the
snow was starting to cover the car completely
So we cleared a space next to the doors in case
we needed to get out.
Interviewer: How did you get moving again?
Olivia:
The rescue vehicles didn't get there until the
afternoon. They'd called to ask if we needed
an ambulance and luckily we didn't, so they
just cleared the snow and led us along the
road back to the main road. We then drove to
the nearest village. There we stopped for an
enormous hot meal of roast fish and pasta with
cheese,the most delicious I've ever tasted!