Track 49
2
Narrator: What did the girl take to the party?
Mum: Hi Katy! How was the party? Did everyone like the
biscuits you made?
Katy:
I didn't make them in the end. I baked a cake
instead. But then, I phoned Melanie to see what
time her party was and she mentioned that her
mum had already made a huge chocolate one. So
I bought a couple of pizzas on the way and we ate
those at the party.
Mum: What a shame! You spent ages in the kitchen.
Perhaps we can have it for dessert today.
3
Narrator: What food will the boy try?
Presenter:And I've just got a few minutes left to tell you
about a new programme where we send young
people around the world to try local dishes.
Today, Paul's in Milan, Italy where a delicious dish
is on the menu. It's a plate of mixed fried fish, and 
will make a change from his usual favorite of
steak and chips! Then next week his sister's going
to Granada, Spain to try a famous Spanish dish,
a cold soup made with tomatoes, peppers, and
cucumber.
4
Narrator: Where did the girl go yesterday?
Boy: Hi. Are you doing anything later? We're going to
the early afternoon performance of that new spy
film. The reviews are incredible. Do you want to
come?
Girl:
Oh! I saw it yesterday with my family. My mum
wanted to see a play but we didn't fancy it. It was
too long and there wasn't an interval.
Boy:
Would you recommend the film then
Girl:
Oh yes! It's brilliant but I don't think I want to see
it again. Are you going to the concert tomorrow?
It's going to be amazing.
5
Narrator: What do the students need to bring for their sports
lesson?
Teacher: Great work today guys! Now listen carefully
because as you know, tomorrow we're going to
the indoor climbing wall at the sports centre.
Remember to wear comfortable clothes and a
tracksuit is much better than shorts. The sports
centre will provide you with a helmet and a pair of
climbing shoes. Your hands may get a bit sore, I'm
afraid, but it really isn't a good idea to wear gloves
because you won't be able to hold on to the wall
properly. I'll bring plenty of plasters just in case.
6
Narrator: What activity did the boy do for the first time on
holiday?
Girl: How was your trip to Egypt?
Adam: Great, we've just got back. We had an amazing time.
We went diving on the first day and we took some beautiful underwater photos.
Girl: But you've done that before, haven't you?
Adam: Yeah, that's right! And my dad also persuaded me
to try waterskiing. I'd never done that before and
by the end I was quite good at it. It was fun but my
favourite watersport is still windsurfing. Do you
remember when we both tried that for the first
time at summer camp
7
Narrator: Where has the girl been?
Nicola: Sorry I'm late. I've been trying to find a present for
my mum . I was on my way to the bookshop but
then I rememberred it's closed today.
Boy:
What did you get her in the end?
Nicola:
Well, I went to the art gallery to see if they had a
nice picture in a frame for her but I didn't really
like any of them and they were quite expensive.I'm
going to get her some earrings or a necklace from
that new jewelry shop on the corner.