Track 77
Examiner: Who do you most enjoy buying presents for?
Maria: Let me see. I would say my cousins. One is 14 years
old, and the other is 12. I love buying presents for
them because there are so many fun things that
you can choose for children, like toys or games.
What do you think?
Pablo:
Yes, I agree with you, and it's also fun buying
presents for children because they're always so
excited when they open them. I've got a cousin
who's ten, and I really enjoy buying things for him.
He's really into football so it's easy to find things
he likes. It's great.
Examiner:Which people in your family are the most difficult
to choose presents for?
Pablo: That's an interesting question. My dad is definitely
the most difficult to choose presents for. He neve
seems to want anything, and he doesn't have any
hobbies, so I usually end up buying him something
really boring, like socks. Do you agree that it's
difficult to buy things for your parents?
Maria: Yes, I completely agree. It's much easier to buy
things for people your own age, because you know
what they like and what they're interested in.
Examiner: Do you like receiving money instead of presents?
Maria: Hmm, that's a difficult question. It's sometimes
nice to receive money, because then you can buy
something you really want, or you can save up to
buy something bigger, like a new tablet. What do
you think?
Pablo: Hmm, I'm not sure about that. When it's my
birthday, I usually get money from three or four
relatives, and it's good because I can use the
money to buy something more expensive for
myself. But in my opinion it's a bit boring if you
don't get any presents on your birthday, just
money. Do you agree?
Maria: Yes, I do. I love getting presents, but I think when
it's relatives who don't know you very well, it's
better to get money, because sometimes they can
give you things you don't really want.
Pablo: That's true. I prefer to get money from people
who don't know me very well, but it's nice to get
presents from people who know what I like.