 Track 19

 Lucas: And here are the answers to the quiz. We all

 know that Asia is the biggest continent in the world, followed by Africa, but did you know that

 North America is the third largest continent in the world? This means that it is bigger than

 South America.

 y: And of course, at seventeen million square

 kilometres, Russia is the largest country in the world. That's twice the size of Canada which is the second largest country.

 Lucas: And now for the animal facts. The most dangerous

 animal on the planet is not the snake or the shark but the tiny mosquito because it carries diseases. The African elephant can weigh up to eight thousand kilos so it is the largest and heaviest land animal, but the blue whale is the heaviest living animal. It can weigh around 150 tonnes-that's 150,000 kilos. I wouldn't like to share my home with a howler monkey. They're much louder than parrots or lions. In fact they are the noisiest animals on Earth-you can hear them from up to 5 kilometres away. The slowest moving fish is the sea horse. It would take this fish about an hour to move 15 metres. As for the fastest fish, tuna are one of the fastest fish.

 Some tuna can swim at eighty kilometres per hour while Killer Whales can swim at fifty-five kilometres per hour. Great White Sharks can swim at forty kilometres per hour so they're faster than dolphins, which can swim at thirty kilometres per hour. You've got some answers about places, haven't you, Abby?
 
 Abby: Yes, I have. Did you know that the busiest train

 station in the world is in Tokyo, Japan? Around one million people travel through Shinjuku station every day. And, if you like diving then you shou ld go to Y40 Deep Joy in Italy. Its deepest point is nearly 40 metres which makes it the deepest diving pool in the world.

 Lucas:

 And finally, Antarctica is the coldest, driest and windiest continent. On the 21st of July 1983 the temperature was minus eighty-nine degrees centigrade. That's the lowest temperature ever!

 And it only rains or snows two hundred millimetres a year there. The second driest continent is

 Australia where it rains six hundred millimetres a year. That's all for now.
