Track 31
Examiner:Now,in this part of the test you're going to talk
about something together for about two minutes.
I'm going to describe a situation to you.
Noa: Thank you!
Greta: Thanks!
Examiner:A school would like to celebrate its 50th
anniversary with a special event. Here are some
events the school could organise. Talk together
about the different events the school could
organise,and say which would be most popula
with students. All right? Now, talk together.
Noa: Let's start with the photography exhibition. I think
it would be a great idea. The school could collect
pictures and photos from now and the past. It
would be really interesting.
Greta: I agree. Students could see how things have
changed.
Noa: Yeah! For example, my mum used to wear a school
uniform and she says it was awful. They wore
striped blue and white shirts with skirts for girls
and trousers for boys .
Greta: That's right! I wouldn't like to wear a uniform
now. Let's talk about another one. What about
a concert? Everyone loves music and everyone
could take part. What do you think?
Noa: I'm not sure about that one. Some people like
rock music and other people hate it. And have you
thought about the noise?
Greta: Perhaps you're right. Shall we talk about the
student fashion show?
Noa: OK. I think the fashion show is a great idea.
Students could put on their favourite clothes and
there could be prizes.
Greta: Um...I'm not very interested in fashion,I'm afraid.
We haven't talked about the picnic yet
Do you think it's a good idea?
Noa: Perhaps. But if it rains, they won't be able to eat
outside! Don't you think?
Greta: Yes, I agree. That leaves the talent show and the
discos. Well, you know lots of people love dancing
out do you think everyone would enjoy it?
Noa: I don't think so. I can't stand discos. How about
the talent show then?
Greta: I'm not sure I understand. How would it work?
Noa: You know, each class can perform something
different. One class could sing and do a dance, for
example.
Greta: Oh I see! But remember some people don't like
dancing.
Noa: You're right. Well, what do you think? Shall we
choose the photography exhibition?
Greta: Yes, I think that's the best idea. Do you...
Examiner:Thank you.