Track 43
1
Narrator: You will hear a girl telling her friend about running
in a 20-kilometre race
Man:
Why did you run in that 20-kilometre race over the
weekend? To get fit?
Girl:
Well, as you know I do a lot of athletics training
most weeks so a single race wouldn't really make
any difference. But my friend Julia, who keeps
fit by running in other races like this, told me the
winner gets £500. I thought if I could somehow
manage to come first, I'd be able to give that to a
good charity, so I went online, found the website
and registered for it straight away.
Man:
Did you win?
Girl:
I came second. But I still made £200 for charity.

2
Narrator: You will hear two friends talking about a film they
have just watched.
Girl: So what did you think of the film?
Boy: It was pretty good, I thought. It was quite long but
it was certainly more interesting than the last one
we watched.
Girl: I don't know. I found it rather slow and a bit hard
to follow in places. And I noticed a lot of people in
the seats around us left before it ended.
Boy: Yes they did, and it was a shame because they
missed the best bit in the last few minutes. I really
didn't expect it to finish like that.
Girl: That was quite a shock, wasn't it?
3
Narrator: You will hear a boy telling his friend about his bicycle.
Girl: I think I've just seen an ad on the notice board for your bike.Are you really selling it?
Boy: Yes, it's in great condition and I should get a good price for it. Then I can get a brand-new phone.
Girl: I'm really surprised. I often see you riding it when
I'm going to school, even on cold winter mornings
Boy: Yes, I know I'll miss it but I won't get enough
money to replace it with another one and buy a
new phone. The screen on the one I've got is just
too small and it's damaged,too.
4
Narrator: You will hear a young man telling his friend about
a concert he went to.
Woman: I heard you went to the concert in the park on
Saturday night with your family. How was it?
Man: Well, it was a bit of a disappointment. The band
didn't play any of their big hits, just a load of new
songs from their latest album and they seemed to
go on for hours. Like a lot of other people there
we went home quite a while before the end,
because it just wasn't interesting. The only good
thing really was that the concert was free
5
Narrator: You will hear a boy telling his friend about his
illness.
Girl: I saw you were off school at the end of last week
and someone said you were ill. What was the matter?
Boy: Yes, I had a nasty cough, a sore throat and a
stomach ache, but fortunately that's gone now.
Girl: So do you feel better today?
Boy: I've still got a headache and I can't do much
before I need a rest, maybe it's because I wasn't
eating properly until today. But at least I've got ric
of the fever I had
Girl: Good. Remember to keep warm and have plenty
of drinks, especially hot ones.
6
Narrator: You will hear two friends talking about their local
sports centre.
Boy: There are definitely lots of things to do at that nev
sports centre next to the park.
Girl: If you like team sports or racket sports, yes,
but there should be things like athletics and
gymnastics,too.
Boy: Their swimme is freefor school studen ze, though,
Girl:
I should go more often because it's only about ten
minutes by bus from my place.
Boy:
And even less from mine. Actually, I could walk
there instead and save a bit of money.
Girl:
If we have enough time, let's go next weekend!