Track 54
Narrator:
You will hear a young woman called Ellie
talking about a trip to southern Spain to see
the lberian lynx. For each question, choose the
correct answer.
Interviewer: With me today is Ellie Johnson, who went to
Spain with her friend Marta to see the beautifu
Iberian lynx, one of the world's rarest wildcats.
So, Ellie, which location did you choose, anc
why?
Ellie:
A place with a stream next to the forest, with
plenty of rabbits. The huge fall in the number
of rabbits is the main reason why the lynx is so
rare,because an adult lynx needs to eat thre
rabbits a day. Marta knew the area but I hadn't
heard of it until TV showed photos of a lynx
taken a few days before.
Interviewer:How easy was it to get there?
Ellie:
Well, it was summer and temperatures were
really high during the daytime, so it made sens
to set off really early-at five a.m. in fact, wh
it was still cool. The moon was bright, and we
were pleased about that because it's easy to
go in the wrong direction in the darkness. The
track was really challenging in places-it went
up and down a lot. We didn't actually find it too
exhausting, but it did mean we got to the stream
later than we'd expected. Once we were there,
looked for somewhere to hide.
Interviewer: Where did you hide?
Ellie:
There was an empty hut nearby but it was
locked,so it looked like the best place was
behind some large rocks. There was no shade
there, though, so instead we lay down just
inside the forest and waited. In fact, we waited
there for ages. I was going to suggest leaving,
when suddenly we heard something running
through the bushes.
Interviewer: What kind of animal was it?
Ellie: Well of course we hoped it'd be a lynx and
we both grabbed our cameras, but it was just
a frightened-looking little rabbit. Just then,
though, another creature appeared, running
after it. It was grey and brown, about the size o
a small cat: it was a young
Interviewer: I can imagine your excitement! What did it do?
Ellie:
Well, by then the rabbit was far away and the
lynx's chance of catching it had gone so it
stopped and looked around, though it didn'
notice us. We were so busy taking photos of
that cute little animal that we didn't see a
much larger one approaching. It was an adult
female, and clearly the little one was hers. Tha
was why it had stopped.
Interviewer:How long did you stay there?
Ellie:
The sun had almost set but we stayed another
hour, photographing them until we couldn't
see anything. Marta wanted to stay overnight
to see them again at sunrise, but we didn't
have a tent so we set off, reaching the hostel
just before midnight