Track 78
Examiner: Would you like to have more social events with
your class?
Pablo: Yes, I think that more social events would be
great, because it would be an opportunity to get
to know other students in the class better. I would
like some trips to the cinema, or maybe visits to
other towns and cities. What do you think?
Maria: Yes, I agree. I think it would be fun to have more
social events, and in my opinion it would also
help us to study, because it's easier to study when
you're with people that you know, because you're
more relaxed. I agree with you that trips to the
cinema would be fun, because then we could talk
about the films together.
Examiner: Do you think watching sports events can be more
fun than taking part?
Maria: I'm not sure about that. I love sport, and in my
opinion it's always more fun to take part than
to watch. When you play a game like tennis or
football, for example, you really want to win, so
it's very exciting and it encourages you to make an
effort and do your best. Do you agree?
Pablo: Yes, I do. I'm really into sport, too, and I agree
that it's exciting when you play a match and you
really want to win. But when I watch my favourite
football team I also want them to win, so that's
exciting too. I also love watching really good
players, who are much better than me!
Maria: Yes, that's true. It's exciting to watch good players,
but I would still prefer to take part.
Examiner: Do you prefer cooking a meal for friends or eating
out in a restaurant?
Pablo: I think it depends. I enjoy cooking, and I often
cook meals for a few friends. But if I want to have
a big meal with a lot of friends, I prefer to go to a
restaurant. What do you think?
Maria: Yes, I think you're right. It would be very stressful
to cook a meal for 15 or 20 people. But cooking for
a few friends is fun, and it's nice because you're at
home and you're relaxed.
Pablo: Yes, I agree with you. The only problem is that you
have to do the washing up.
Maria: That's true. I think it's only fun if you have a
dishwasher!